Problem: 21 Water Bottles Game

Learning Objectives 
 - Loops (While / Do While)
 - If ... else Decision construct
 - Random Number Generation
 - Use of Scanner
 - Algorithm Formulation 

In this game, there are 21 Water bottles at the start.
There are 2 players: a. You – Choice decided by input. b. Computer – Choice decided by algorithm.
Each turn involves a player picking up between 1 and 4 Water bottles inclusively.
Whoever picks up the last bottle (21st bottle), is the loser and will have to pay the bill.
Design and implement a game, making use of an Artificially Intelligent algorithm, so that if user is playing first, 
the Computer would pick up the bottles intelligently each time.

“The Computer should always win.”
The following message will appear at the start of the game.

There are 21 Water bottles...
There are 2 players - Computer and you.
At a time, each one can pick up any no. of bottles between 1 and 4 (inclusive)
Will you like to play first?
If the User types ‘Yes’ and presses ‘Enter’ key, the next lines of output would be

Will you like to play first? 
Yes
How many you would like to pick up?
If you pick up 3 bottles initially and press ‘Enter’, the intelligent algorithm will decide how many bottles will be selected by the Computer.

For example, the next set of output could be.

How many you would like to pick up? 
3
Computer has picked 2
The bottles remaining are: 16
How many you would like to pick up?
The User must be able to continue the game with Computer, and at every step the remaining bottles need to be displayed appropriately. 
The no. of remaining bottles will decrease after each round.

How many you would like to pick up? 
2
Computer has picked 3
The bottles remaining are: 11
How many you would like to pick up? 
3
Computer has picked 2
The bottles remaining are: 6
How many you would like to pick up? 
4
Computer has picked 1
As per this artificially intelligent program, the Computer should always win. Once the User is compelled to pick up the last Water bottle, 
then they are the Loser and would have to pay the bill.

Computer has picked 1
The bottles remaining are : 1
You will have to pick up the last..you are loser
